Have you said you know what?
Nice job.
Now you've so
far today you've written Web assembly.
You've written assembly script,
which compiles to web assembly.
And now we're calling that web
assembly in our JavaScript.
I know there's a lot of interweaving
steps in between there to do the work.
And that's why we created the loader
file to do all that work for us and
now we're not worried about it.
Now we just fetch web assembly and
pull out those functions and
exports as they come,
are there any questions so far?
This is fairly familiar.
I really want to get the browser
part because I think loading a node
is fairly straightforward.
Loading the browser does take a bit more
work, but that's where as front engineers,
we're mostly going to do most
of our web assembly work.
>> Is assembly script,
strict superset of TypeScript?
>> Yes.
It is a I mean, it uses TypeScript
to become strictly typed.
However, they're not one to one.
There are many methods in assembly
scripts that don't exist in TypeScript.
So you can't quite say they're the same It
just uses TypeScript under the hood for
the type checking actually, I'm glad
you brought that up because let's,
let's look at the docs as I like to do.
And if we go to assembly scripts in
the docs, make sure it's big enough.
And we got to basics because
they have a part on quirks.
Which is it kind of explains some of
the differences between TypeScript and
assembly scripts where they differ.
I'm not going to spend too much time on
these because we're not really going to
get into them today.
But it's good to know like things
like triple equals are not the same.
in JavaScript those checking
those checking for,
object to quality or type of quality.
Yeah, for whereas in assembly script,
it has to be the exact same objects versus
in JavaScript, you can have string this
as Hello, you have no string says Hello.
Are they equivalent?
Yes.
In assembly script,
those would not be equivalent because
they're two different objects.
There.
Entirely different, I'll skip knowability
checks, they're not as important,
I've mentioned this before,
but the tree shaking part,
so if you create a function in assembly
scripts, and you don't actually use it.
It will not get compiled, because it
does what's called tree shaking with
essentially cutting out dead part of
the code that aren't being used for
efficiency sake.
So if you see that issue like I did
earlier, it's probably because you
didn't export something if you don't
see that function availability, but
I like the questions.
Any other questions so
far before we move on?
The question was, I mentioned before
that you shouldn't where is that file?
There we go.
You shouldn't serve from the default
root directory you shouldn't serve
everything out.
In reality if I was doing it,
some production code,
I would have a slash lasme endpoint that
points specifically to my lasme directory
where I would fetch those files out.
And, in general,
anything about web security,
you want to be as specific as possible.
It's really easy It's simpler, it's for
us web developers and say like, yeah,
we'll just serve out everything like,
I don't have any secrets here,
but you may have secrets,
you may have like configuration files, or
you may just have underlying
implementations that you don't want people
necessarily to know about and
exposed to the public.
So if we were doing some production,
I would just have a dedicated Jasmine
point that only turned out last summer.
But good question.
We try to try to do some best practices
but sometimes we cut corners.
>> Why is the response bad magic
number in the western response?
>> You're getting bad magic number.
I ran into this before.
I so though lasme.
Binary code itself the file has
what is known as a magic number.
It's a set of X values that correspond
to numbers that just says like,
Hey, I'm a lasme file.
You know what to do next so that way the,
the compiler engine that is running our
lasme code in the browser Notice that it's
a valid lasme file and it checks for it.
I don't know why you're getting that I ran
into it before and I can't duplicate it.
Otherwise I would.
I do like making errors just
because you're gonna run into them.
Usually when that happens,
it means that the file that when you
call web assembly dot instantiate or
instantiate streaming The file you're
trying to pull in is not a lasme file.
And generally, you're probably pulling
in you might be pulling in like index
dot HTML or something like that.
So in that case,
it's going to complain that it's a bad.
It's a bad magic number because it checks
that header first of the ;lasme file to
make sure it's valid web assembly
before continuous compiling And
I during our next break,
maybe whoever's having an issue,
we can share screens because I would
like to replicate this because I do like
running into issues just so
we can solve them for everybody.
Yeah, I went on and
on about how we shouldn't serve
static files from the root directory.
And one of the questions that was
asked was well, how do we serve?
What is the best way to serve lasme files?
That's gonna depend a lot on
your situation, your server,
what type of language you're running.
But I'll say in the Express case,
let's see if we can whip
this up in my server js.
So instead of doing other.
use with no with no default path.
I think we're just going
to serve up a regular.
We're just going to start
with that specific directory.
So I.
So in Express, I can say other use.
And I'll say, /wisdom.
Then I can see express static And
then I'm only gonna serve
from my build directory.
So if you're using express that is the
that seems to be the best way of doing it.
Let me just double check that
checking the docs right now.
Yes.
So if you were going to use if you did
want to just serve this specifically,
we just served directly
from the build directory.
And of course in this case,
the build directory component
contains our source maps as well.
For the intrepid people that noticed,
and we really do want these source maps
because they'll make debugging so
much easier.
One of the questions asked during
the break was when we what happens to
the actual opcode that we're using.
So in this case, i32 multiplier.
So all opcodes inherently when
they perform the operation,
push the value onto the stack.
Actually, let's just pull this up in web
assembly studio switch over here, watts.
In this case it's an add function,
that's fine.
So get local I it's pushing that left
hand side operator or operators zero.
Onto the stack, get local, the next one is
pushing the next parameter onto the stack.
I32 add is going to pop both values
off the stack, add them together,
and then return that, and by return I
mean it pushes that value onto the stack.
So now inherently if we return,
and when we return,
it's just going to return whatever
the value on the stack is.
But if we wanted to continue to
do operations on in this module,
we can say I 32.
We'll say const 1.
So we'll add 1 and then I can say I32 add.
And what this is going to
do is it's now popping.
It's either this operation is now popping
the results of this add operator and
this constant so it's going to add
one to whatever the value is have.
We added four and that's one of the things
that makes working web assembly tricky if
you're writing it by hand,
is you have to remember exactly what
is on the stack at a given time.
You don't save them as variables
necessarily like you would in
another language.
Thus, we generally try to keep our
operations pretty simple whenever we're
writing in watt files and
web assembly by hand